recipes/bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-with-tomatoes.md, before:

---
ingredients: |-
  * 12 oz. bow-tie (farfalle) pasta (6 cups)
  * 1 tbsp. olive oil
  * 2 tsp. minced garlic
  * 6 oz. chorizo sausage
  * 1 pt. grape tomatoes
  * ¼ tsp. crushed red pepper
  * ⅓ c. crumbled queso blanco or shredded monterey jack cheese
  * chopped flat-leaf parsley
notes: null
subcategroy: pasta
path: /bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-with-tomatoes
title: bow tie pasta chorizo with tomatoes
href: https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a18119/bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-tomatoes-121351/
directions: >-
  * Cook pasta in lightly salted boiling water as package directs

  * meanwhile heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat

  * add garlic, sauté until fragrant

  * add chorizo, sauté 3 minutes or until browned

  * add tomatoes and crushed pepper, cook 1 minute or until tomatoes begin to release their juice

  * remove from heat

  * ladle off 1/3 cup pasta cooking water

  * drain pasta, return to pot

  * add chorizo mixture and cheese, mix gently adding reserved water as needed to make saucy

  * sprinkle with parsley
category: main course
cookTime: null
prepTime: 15 mins
totalTime: 15 mins
servings: 4 servings
rating: 3
ease: easy
thumbnail: assets/bow-tie-chorizo-with-tomatoes.jpg
---

Commit message:

feature-2: adds images to recipe cards. Fixes bug for searching when viewing recipe card. Adds marinade check box. Makes additional changes to the way subcategories work. Should be able to include more than one subcategory for each recipe

recipes/bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-with-tomatoes.md, after:

---
ingredients: |-
  * 12 oz. bow-tie (farfalle) pasta (6 cups)
  * 1 tbsp. olive oil
  * 2 tsp. minced garlic
  * 6 oz. chorizo sausage
  * 1 pt. grape tomatoes
  * ¼ tsp. crushed red pepper
  * ⅓ c. crumbled queso blanco or shredded monterey jack cheese
  * chopped flat-leaf parsley
notes: Can sub pasta with keto friendly option to make keto friendly
subcategroy: pasta
path: /bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-with-tomatoes
title: bow tie pasta chorizo with tomatoes
href: https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a18119/bow-tie-pasta-chorizo-tomatoes-121351/
directions: >-
  * Cook pasta in lightly salted boiling water as package directs

  * meanwhile heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat

  * add garlic, sauté until fragrant

  * add chorizo, sauté 3 minutes or until browned

  * add tomatoes and crushed pepper, cook 1 minute or until tomatoes begin to release their juice

  * remove from heat

  * ladle off 1/3 cup pasta cooking water

  * drain pasta, return to pot

  * add chorizo mixture and cheese, mix gently adding reserved water as needed to make saucy

  * sprinkle with parsley
category: main course
subcategory: ['pasta', 'keto']
cookTime: null
prepTime: 15 mins
totalTime: 15 mins
servings: 4 servings
rating: 3
ease: easy
thumbnail: assets/bow-tie-chorizo-with-tomatoes.jpg
---
