recipes/dates-stuffed-with-apricot-cashew-cheese.md, before:

---
title: Dates Stuffed With Apricot Cashew Cheese
href: http://www.paleocupboard.com/dates-stuffed-with-apricot-cashew-cheese.html
ingredients: |-
  \- 1 1/2 cups raw cashews\
  - 2 1/2 Tbsp. fresh squeezed lemon juice\
  - 2 Tbsp. [coconut oil](http://amzn.to/YgjYu7)\
  - 10 dried apricots\
  - [Sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) (to taste)\
  - 1 Tbsp. [raw honey](http://amzn.to/1BeZcZN) (warmed, for drizzle)\
  - 1/4 cup chopped raw almonds (toast them for an extra special treat)\
  - 20 Medjool Dates, pits removed
directions: >-
  <!--StartFragment-->


  1. Place the cashews in a bowl of room temperature water (enough to cover) and let them soak for 6 hours or overnight.\

  2. Place the cashews, lemon juice, [coconut oil](http://amzn.to/YgjYu7), apricots and [sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) in a [food processor](http://amzn.to/1BeYDiI) and blend until very smooth. Add [sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) to taste.\

  3. Place a large spoonful of the cashew cheese inside each date. Top with the chopped almonds and drizzle each date with a little [raw honey](http://amzn.to/1BeZcZN). Serve.


  <!--EndFragment-->
category: appetizer
prepTime: 6 hours, 10 minutes
rating: 5
ease: intermediate
needsMarinade: false
thumbnail: assets/stuffed-dates.png
---

Commit message:

Update Recipes “dates-stuffed-with-apricot-cashew-cheese”

recipes/dates-stuffed-with-apricot-cashew-cheese.md, after:

---
title: Dates Stuffed With Apricot Cashew Cheese
href: http://www.paleocupboard.com/dates-stuffed-with-apricot-cashew-cheese.html
ingredients: |-
  \- 1 1/2 cups raw cashews\
  - 2 1/2 Tbsp. fresh squeezed lemon juice\
  - 2 Tbsp. [coconut oil](http://amzn.to/YgjYu7)\
  - 10 dried apricots\
  - [Sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) (to taste)\
  - 1 Tbsp. [raw honey](http://amzn.to/1BeZcZN) (warmed, for drizzle)\
  - 1/4 cup chopped raw almonds (toast them for an extra special treat)\
  - 20 Medjool Dates, pits removed
directions: >-
  <!--StartFragment-->


  1. Place the cashews in a bowl of room temperature water (enough to cover) and let them soak for 6 hours or overnight.\

  2. Place the cashews, lemon juice, [coconut oil](http://amzn.to/YgjYu7), apricots and [sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) in a [food processor](http://amzn.to/1BeYDiI) and blend until very smooth. Add [sea salt](http://amzn.to/1t6n38Z) to taste.\

  3. Place a large spoonful of the cashew cheese inside each date. Top with the chopped almonds and drizzle each date with a little [raw honey](http://amzn.to/1BeZcZN). Serve.


  <!--EndFragment-->
category: appetizer
prepTime: 6 hours, 10 minutes
rating: 5
ease: intermediate
notes: T﻿his makes enough stuffing for 55 dates.  Stuffing can be kept in the icebox.
needsMarinade: false
thumbnail: assets/stuffed-dates.png
---
